Updated DataGrid FIltering topics (#837)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/filtering/overview.md

The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI DataGrid]({%slug datagrid-overview%}) supports filtering operations either through the UI - using the Filtering UI or programmatically.

## Filtering UI

> > Filtering UI appears when clicking on the filtering icon on each column's header'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The filtering UI appears when clicking the filtering icon in each column's header.
```

![Telerik .NET MAUI DataGrid Filtering UI](../filtering/images/datagrid-filteringui-platforms.png)

## Filter Control Template

> The Telerik DataGrid allows you to apply custom filter control to the DataGrid column using the `FilterControlTemplate` property.

Reviewer: Would "custom filter controls" make more sense here?

* `FilterControlTemplate`(`DataTemplate`)&mdash;Specifies the user defined template used for Filtering UI. The template must contain an instance of the `Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.DataGrid.DataGridFilterControlBase` class.

>Go to [Filter Control Template]({%slug datagrid-filter-control-template%}) topic for detailed information on how to create a custom filter control.

## Programmatic Filtering

Programmatic filtering is achieved by adding different filter descriptors in the `FilterDescriptor` collection of the control.

> >Go to [Programmatic Filtering]({%slug datagrid-programmatic-filtering%}) for detailed information on the provided filter descriptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip Go to the [Programmatic Filtering]({%slug datagrid-programmatic-filtering%}) topic for detailed information about the provided filter descriptors.
```
